# Detection-Fake-Accounts-In-Online-Social-Networks-Review-
Detection Fake Accounts In Online Social Networks (Review)

Abstract
Online social networks in the present generation have made important changes in people's lives and have become an important part of people's lives and have made communication between friends and acquaintances. The volume of a lot of information on the Internet is exchanged through online social networks. In the present era, online social networks are the fastest way to publish information on the Internet, of which the most popular are Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Sino Weibo and more.
Online social networking is also a cyber-platform for spammers that uses malicious and suspicious accounts to send malicious links. Suspect accounts are usually scarce and cover their key features so they can hardly be recognized or deleted. A malicious user may create dozens or thousands of fraudulent accounts to perform their operations to reach the minimum legitimate members. Abusing social networking accounts is a profitable way for cyber criminals who can send malicious messages by hijacking public or commercial accounts, or sell information to a large user base.
To protect the network and its validity, action to detect and find suspicious accounts should be done as soon as possible. In some cases, they must recognize them before they start fake accounts. This paper presents a study on advanced techniques for detecting fraudulent accounts from public accounts in online social networks.

Introduction
Online social networks are an important part of people's lives and have become the largest and most commonplace for disseminating information around the world. These networks are used today for various purposes, including entertainment, political, and other purposes. The most popular social networks include Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and SinaWeibo. Among these, Facebook has the highest users with about 2 billion users.
The basis of the work of social networks is based on membership in these networks, users are registered in these networks and create their own user profiles. This profile can be personal, commercial or political. After creating the profile, people start collecting their friends and relatives in the area so that they can disseminate information between themselves and their friends. Today, many people generate income through this.
The speed and breadth of information dissemination have led attackers to spread spam and malware messages via online social networks. Abuse of social networking accounts is a profitable way for cybercriminals. By hijacking a public media account or trading account, attackers can publish malicious messages or sell fake information to a large user base.
An issue that matters is that there are people who use social networks for their malicious purposes and endanger the security of these networks. Some of these people are sending malicious links to others through the use of making fake accounts on these networks in order to make their spyware and malicious purposes come to fruition. Others are replacing someone else by making their fake accounts, and publishing misinformation by publishing false messages from the person in question. Fake profiles are profiles that are not real, which means they are profiles of people who claim to be non-existent, and by doing some malicious and undesirable activities, have problems for social networks and other users. They create.
Why do people make fake profiles?
Social engineering
Social engineering in terms of security means the art of stealing confidential information from people or access to some computer systems, mainly not using technical skills, but manipulating individuals in the exchange of information. The hacker does not need to deal with the user to do this. Social engineering techniques are pioneering, stealing, phishing, and so on.
Impersonating individuals
Another reason why people produce fake professional people are people who do not like it. People who do not like them create profiles and abuse posts and images in their profiles, and they suspect that the person is bad and thus lying to the person.
Advertising and campaign
Imagine a scenario in which a movie was released and a friend of your Facebook site announced that the movie was great. This will make your first impression that the movie is good and you want to watch it. This is how ads and campaigns work through OSN. A review by a true posted user is always desirable, but this review is posted by fake profiles and is completely undesirable. Political parties and political parties make fake accounts to hit a party or ruin the political figures in the name of that person or they spread their fake messages on a massive scale.
Hence, the sensitivity and importance of recognizing these accounts is clear that with the increasing growth of online social networks and the dramatic increase in the dissemination of information in this way, the threat to the security of these networks is threatened. The credibility of these networks is dependent on the early detection of these accounts and the privacy of users within the network.
The methods and algorithms available for detecting such accounts are based on the distinctive features of malicious accounts from common accounts using machine learning algorithms. In this way, features are extracted to separate normal accounts from malicious accounts. Then, with the aid of a database, the machine learning algorithms provide the necessary training to detect these accounts, and in the end automatically delete malicious accounts and fake.
Detect fake accounts in three phases. The first phase is before the account is verified. This phase, which includes the initial stage of creating the account, actually detects the fraudulent account before entering the social network. In fact, in this phase, we'll look at features for detecting fake accounts that will allow them to be identified when creating an account. Features such as account names, account location, basic personal details of accounts, etc. will be used in this phase. This phase is the best time to detect fake accounts, detection at this stage is very difficult and includes a high percentage error. The second phase is after the account verification. If it is not possible to determine the account in the first stage, we will examine the second phase, which is related to when the account is started and is collecting its followers. At this point we will use the features that are related to the account activity period. Features such as the number of followers, the number of posts, the number of comments, the age of the account, the average requests per day, etc. Among these features used in the second phase. The third and final phases are related to when the fake account or spy account has completed its operation.
 
In general, the methods for detecting fraudulent accounts in online social networks are divided into three categories:
The first is the behavior-based approach, so that we examine the behavior of the accounts and find out from their behavior that the account is fake. Most model based on behavioral theory or clustering algorithm. They studied different patterns like counting and proposed a clustering algorithm-based diagnostic system.
The second method is graph-based methods, so that we make the dependency graph of each account, then according to the chart, the account can be false. A social graph shows that the blue nodes represent real accounts, red nodes represent fake accounts, and the edges show the relationship between them. If fake advertising campaigns start with a brand or campaign for some politicians, users will connect to and trust in fraudulent profiles.
The third method is based on machine learning algorithms that use machine learning methods such as classification, clustering, decision tree methods, and neural networks, which are based on key features, and fake and normal accounts. They recognize each other.
 
In the end, all these methods and algorithms differentiate between fake and ordinary accounts, but fake accounts try to take steps to hide from our sight. In fact, these methods and algorithms hide their key features so that they are not recognizable. In this article we will look at the methods described above to detect fraudulent accounts from normal accounts.
